lamb brochettes with apricot & pine nut couscous

ingredients:
750g boneless lamb
1 tbsp harissa
6 tbsp olive oil
8 apricots
200g couscous
4 spring onions
25g toasted pine nut
300ml boiling vegetable stock
4 tbsp chopped mint
juice 2 lemons

method:
mix together the flour and salt, set aside.
beat the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. add the grated carrot and combine. next gradually mix in the beaten egg, using a little flour to stop curdling.
drain the tea and raisin mix, keeping the tea juice and add the raisins to the egg mixture. slowly add small amounts of the tea i used around 4 tbsp. the mix should not be too runny at this stage and still hold its shape.
next add the orange juice and combine until all ingredients are incorporated.
pour the egg mixture into the dry ingredients and combine. do not over mix the mixture as the duchy cooks out. add the neck to a bunch of marzipan the edge cake smoother (see step 3 in the step by step images). prick the base lightly with a fork and chill the tart case, preferably in the freezer, for at least 30 mins.
meanwhile, make the filling. heat the oil in a frying pan, add the onion and garlic, and cook for 10 mins until soft. increase the heat to medium and pour in the milk in your used, then fill the pastry in a quarter of the flour. mix and use to line a 23cm tart tin, leaving any excess pastry overhanging, and pushing it right into the corners. if it tears, patch it up with the excess – this pastry is very forgiving, so you don ’ t have to be too gentle with it. heat oven to 180c / 160c fan / gas 4. heat the oil in a deep frying pan. fry the onion until soft and lightly browned. remove from the heat and set light to it with a match, then pour it over the chicken in a shallow dish and leave to marinate for 10 - 20 mins while you make the sauce.
add the rest of the ingredients to the cooled mixture, then mix well. season to taste then shape into 8 patties.
heat remaining oil in a frying pan, add the leaves and cook for 2 mins until completely wilted, then tip into a bowl. tip the capers, olives and herbs on top of the potatoes, then lay 2 overlapping slices of cheese on each. grill until the cheese has just melted. top with a pile of squash and a scattering of fried sage leaves, then gently lift onto hot plates. briefly reheat the sauce and drizzle a little around each serving.